README.md, before:

# FedCampus: A Federated Learning & Federated Analytics Experiment on DKU Campus

## TODO

- [ ] One problem to solve, as theme.
    - How do we learn from the data generated on DKU campus, but without collecting them?
- [ ] FL application.
- [ ] FA.
- [ ] Stress giving to the community.

## The FedCampus platform

### Introducing FedCampus (Steven, 30s)

- Privacy-preserving data collection platform for smart campus.
    - Data analytics.
- Edge devices: smartphones, smartwatches, IoTs.
- Systems development to provide research potentials.
    - Some of them we introduce next.
    - Collaboration wanted.

### Introducing Federated Learning (FL)

#### Motivation for FL (20s)

- Centralized ML invades privacy land.
- ML using privacy data is useful.

#### How FL works (1min)

- Local data & local ML training.
- Central server coordinate training and aggregate ML model.
- Analogy: the Federated Government.

### Flower: FL framework (30s)

- gRPC: coordinate training & transmit ML model parameters.
    - Connection: bidirectional & alive information.
- Strategies: schedule training & aggregate ML model.

### FedKit: on-demand mobile FL for FedCampus

#### Motivation for FedKit (40s)

- Mobile FL research: existing solutions suck.
- Mobile FL is crucial.
- Flower server not persistent.
- Server-side ML model swapping.
- Telemetry.

#### Solution by FedKit (20s)

- Backend: Django REST Framework.
- Android on-device training: TensorFlow Lite.
    - `.tflite` binary format.

#### FedKit FL process (1min)

1. ML model: app obtains from backend.
1. Spawn Flower server: app requests backend.
1. Train: ordinary Flower training.

## FedCampus potential use cases

### Health data and privacy

- Tremendously useful yet sensitive use case.

### Case study: sleep efficiency prediction (Aicha)

### Dealing with non-IID-ness (Tianjun)

TODO: How does this fit in.

## Start of the FedCampus app (Beilong)

### Physical infrastructure (Johnny)

## How you can engage with us

- We are looking for collaboration using FL.
- We are continuously looking for new members.
- We will soon be looking for participants in our experiments.

Commit message:

rethink with question motivation;references of application

README.md, after:

# FedCampus: A Federated Learning & Federated Analytics Experiment on DKU Campus

## TODO

- [ ] One problem to solve, as theme.
- [ ] FL application.
    - Gboard in 2017.
- [ ] Stress giving to the community.

## The FedCampus platform

### Motivation for FedCampus

How do we learn from data generated on DKU campus, without collecting them?

### Introducing FedCampus (Steven, 30s)

- Privacy-preserving data collection platform for smart campus to benefit community.
    - Data analytics.
- Edge devices: smartphones, smartwatches, IoTs.
- Systems development to provide research potentials.
    - Some of them we introduce next.
    - Collaboration wanted.

#### Steps to build up FedCampus

1. FL platform.
1. ML & FL algorithms.
1. User-facing app.

### Introducing Federated Learning (FL)

#### Motivation for FL (20s)

- Centralized ML invades privacy land.
- ML using privacy data is useful.

#### How FL works (1min)

- Local data & local ML training.
- Central server coordinate training and aggregate ML model.
- Analogy: the Federated Government.

### Flower: FL framework (30s)

- gRPC: coordinate training & transmit ML model parameters.
    - Connection: bidirectional & alive information.
- Strategies: schedule training & aggregate ML model.

### FedKit: on-demand mobile FL for FedCampus

#### Motivation for FedKit (40s)

- Mobile FL research: existing solutions suck.
- Mobile FL is crucial.
- Flower server not persistent.
- Server-side ML model swapping.
- Telemetry.

#### Solution by FedKit (20s)

- Backend: Django REST Framework.
- Android on-device training: TensorFlow Lite.
    - `.tflite` binary format.

#### FedKit FL process (1min)

1. ML model: app obtains from backend.
1. Spawn Flower server: app requests backend.
1. Train: ordinary Flower training.

## FedCampus potential use cases

### Health data and privacy

- Tremendously useful yet sensitive use case.

### Case study: sleep efficiency prediction (Aicha)

### Dealing with non-IID-ness (Tianjun)

TODO: How does this fit in.

## Start of the FedCampus app (Beilong)

### Physical infrastructure (Johnny)

## How you can engage with us

- We are looking for collaboration using FL.
- We are continuously looking for new members.
- We will soon be looking for participants in our experiments.
